[foreboding music playing]
[Silvermane] Somebody sent Addison
to burn down my house.
I want you to find out who it is.
[Ben] It's Cat Hardy. He finds out
she was behind it. he'll kill her.
Only money tells the truth.
[Ben] Crafty bastard
marks all of his bills.
I don't care if Silvermane hired you.
I'm gonna find the rat.
Come on. Gio.
[Robbie] I met this guy
at the Hooverville.
[Janet] He knows both Addison
and Flint Marko.
What are the chances?
[grunting]
Crime is out of control.
The city needs order.
Get me in touch with The Spider.
[Cat] If you love me.
you'll leave with me right now.
There's no turning it off!
[Cat] I am done with people telling me
who I am and what I get to do.
There you are.
Did you know that I mark all my bills?
Guess where I mark yours.
[Winston] You son of a bitch.
You set me up.
-I'll rip your goddamn...
-[gunshot]
We'll be needing another grave.
-[♪ Cat sings "The Devils You Know"]
-♪ No place to hide when ♪
♪ his devilish eyes start smiling ♪
♪ start smiling ♪
-[gunshot]
-♪ These kind of nights ♪
♪ lend ♪
♪ a subtle nod to ♪
♪ crying ♪
♪ a loud silence...
Yeah. Winston was a stone-cold killer.
A useful weapon in my arsenal.
but entirely replaceable.
Same goes for his pal Gio.
[gunshot]
♪ What's worse? The cold? ♪
♪ Or the devil that you know...
[Silvermane] It was risky.
not letting me in on your plans.
but it was a smart play. start to finish.
Are you listening to me?
I'm trying to pay you a compliment.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
You did a good job.
Smart.
Patient.
I could use someone like you
on my payroll.
I'm not a fan of your retirement plan.
[chuckles]
You got some mouth.
Could get you killed some day.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ No place to hide when...
Talking to the police chief tomorrow.
He on the payroll. too?
Why is he running raids
on your booze shipments?
Exactly.
♪ with the devil you ♪
♪ know ♪♪
[applause and cheering]
She's not bad. huh?
[woman] Beautiful. Cat.
It'd be a shame to have to kill her.
[Ben] Beautiful song.
-You wrote it?
-I did.
We prefer the splashier numbers.
I thought we were celebrating.
-Killing people?
-A couple of rats...
who tried to put you in a hole.
Reilly kept you out of it.
-[Cat] I'll drink to that.
-[band playing upbeat instrumental music]
Any regrets on the fact
you almost killed me for nothing tonight?
Yeah. I don't dwell.
Maybe you should start.
Well. it's getting late.
[Silvermane] Ah. no. No chance.
You and me are drinking tonight.
Be a doll and grab us a bottle
of the Yellow Spot.
Enjoy the Spot whiskey.
We're going up a notch.
[dramatic. suspenseful music playing]
[crying]
[♪ Kirby sings "Saving Grace"]
♪ The colors fading from the photograph ♪
♪ I could tell the story ♪
♪ but still you wouldn't know the half ♪
♪ This love was brought to life
from shards of glass ♪
♪ When you kiss me there's a shifting ♪
♪ in the sepia tone ♪
♪ Can't escape the madness.
baby. magnetism ♪
♪ Run away but something
pulls me back into it ♪
♪ Lately I've been staring
at a broken mirror ♪
♪ Needing someone to call my own ♪
♪ Hey. lover ♪
♪ I need someone to save me now ♪
♪ from all the pain ♪
♪ I suffer ♪
♪ and the heavy world
that weighs me down ♪
♪ 'Cause the world ain't sweet ♪
♪ It's bitter to taste ♪
♪ But you could be ♪
♪ my saving grace ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[song ends]
[Janet] Please assure him
that I will have Mr. Reilly
return his call as soon as he's in.
Yes. I'll be sure to add that
to your previous messages.
Mm-hmm.
-Mayor again?
-Uh-huh.
Does he know
which Ben Reilly he's calling?
-[Robbie chuckles]
-[bangs on door]
[drops keys. bangs on door]
[Ben] Goddamn it!
[drops keys]
[Ben shrieks. grunts]
This goddamn guy.
[bangs on door]
Jesus Christ.
Wow. I...
Okay.
Say what you will about Silvermane.
but I admire the man's constitution.
He can drink.
-Any idea why the mayor's so keen...
-I got a tip
-that Lonnie's in Harlem.
-...to talk to you?
So I'm gonna head uptown. see if I can
-make amends for that bullshit Bugle...
-Because he's called the office
-nine times and counting. Nine.
-...story Walters ran yesterday.
-Scrambled.
-Excuse me?
I need scrambled eggs and...
[whispers] sausages.
And...
a biscuit.
If we're dreaming. why don't you add gravy
to that. Mr. Moneybags?
Holy shit.
I'm not even gonna ask.
That's probably wise.
Please. I need food.
After you talk to the mayor.
-God.
-I'm gonna head out and look for Lonnie.
Let me know how it goes in...
[yawns] ♪ Harlem ♪♪
[drops keys]
Who am I?
Well. that would be you.
[Robbie laughs]
[door closes]
-[subway chugging on tracks]
-[upbeat music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[lively crowd chatter]
[door opens]
-[footsteps approaching]
-[door closes]
Sleep well. sunshine?
Like a kitten.
Why do you ask?
A guy can't inquire
after his favorite gal?
Truth is. I was up all night.
Too much adrenaline from yesterday.
[vehicle horn honks]
Maybe I wasn't the only one.
What did you put through the wall?
My fist. my head. bust of Caesar.
-[chuckles]
-What does it matter?
Wouldn't want you catching a cold.
[sniffles]
Lose your voice.
miss a show.
I haven't missed a show in seven years.
You almost missed one last night.
though. didn't you?
If you have something to say. say it.
It's too early for subtext.
Text. then.
[tense music playing]
Winston was the rat...
but that doesn't answer
what you were doing at the train station.
Why don't you ask Winston?
-Can't.
-And why is that?
'Cause I put a bullet in his chest.
And if the P.I. had told you
I was the rat?
I'd have put a bullet in you.
Well. there's your answer.
That's not an answer.
And it's not the truth.
The truth is I was terrified.
Not because I was guilty.
but because you were unhinged.
Looking to lash out
and feel like you're still invulnerable.
There you go. Now we are talking.
Why was Reilly with you at the station?
He wasn't with me.
He was watching me.
For you.
He must have figured out
Winston was the rat and thought
I was in on it because I was running.
He didn't know I had nothing to do
with it until Winston tried to frame me.
Good.
Reilly was smart not to trust anyone.
And he was smart not to play favorites.
If he's so smart.
then why don't you hire him?
I tried.
He was smart enough to say no.
[scoffs softly]
I'm glad you're back.
No place I'd rather be.
[chuckles softly]
That's my girl.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Janet] See? There you go.
I knew you could do it.
-[Janet mutters in Spanish]
-[Frankie sighs]
-The desk wobbles.
-I'm aware. Focus.
How am I supposed to focus
on a wobbly desk?
Trust me. I've been asking
that same question for three days now.
[phone ringing]
Listen. I don't know
how many times I have to tell you...
I am so sorry.
Uh. yes. Reilly Investigations.
May I ask who's calling?
Hi... Ms. Hardy.
Mr. Reilly isn't here at the moment.
Would you like me to take a message?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Three p.m. The Calypso.
Yeah. I'll let him know.
-School's out.
-Ah. yes.
Find Ben. Give him this.
[whimsical music playing]
And we're not done here.
Oh. Johnny Cave.
Well. of course. A great guy.
He told me so himself.
[Johnny] You wouldn't doubt it.
would you?
Same place. 12:30.
-And don't be late.
What? Me late? Well. I like that.
Of all the nerve.
What are you talking about?
I'm usually the one
that has to stand around
waiting 20 minutes for you to show up.
-[Johnny] All right. all right.
-All right. all right.
-All right. all right. all right.
But you heard me.
-Don't be late.
[indistinct chatter of woman on phone]
[Cagney and Ben imitate sizzling sound]
-Red hot.
-[door closes]
-[jazzy. noir music playing]
[sighing]
[knocking at door]
No.
[Frankie] Ben. it's me. Open up!
[knocking continues]
I'm sleeping.
Then how you talking?
Did you hear me?
If you sleeping. how are you talking?
What?
Singer left a message with Janet.
She said it was important.
Quit school early and everything.
Ah. now he's awake.
[scoffs] Anyways. I'd better run.
-Yeah.
-But...
Maybe a shower.
[sighs]
-And a shave.
-[scoffs]
And a fresh shirt.
And-and good-good luck.
[clock ticking]
More coffee. boss?
[louder] More coffee?
You think I'm deaf.
-Is that it?
-No. I...
I just...
I don't think
Chief McNamara's coming. boss.
[sighs]
[tense. dramatic music playing]
Then find him. and remind him
that one of the conditions
of his palms getting greased
is showing up
for his weekly appointment.
And clean that up.
[lively chatter]
-You made it.
-I did.
Think I owe you a drink.
A little later.
Our mutual friend bought me plenty.
We need to talk about that.
Get our stories straight.
He wanted to know why you were with me
at the train station last night.
-And you said?
-That you didn't trust me.
Thought I might be
in cahoots with Winston.
-Smart.
-He's smart. too.
And he won't stop with Winston.
He'll start asking questions
about the raid. which might lead him to...
Mayor?
I think I underestimated you.
Happens.
Seriously. why are you doing this?
Why did you try to kill Silvermane?
-I asked you first.
-I saved your life.
[lively chatter]
Not here.
[mysterious. atmospheric music playing]
One and two and hop and fly.
[indistinct chatter]
Don't worry. friends.
There's plenty of soup to go around.
[car horn honking]
-Two?
-Oh. you got it. boss.
How's business?
Well. you just doubled it.
[laughs softly]
So...
You serve your country.
and this is how they repay you.
[pastor] Everyone's gonna eat today.
-Are you a vet. too?
-Oh. no. no. no. no.
I'm a journalist.
In fact. I'm looking for someone
named Lonnie Lincoln.
-Ah.
-Doing a story on Black vets
and how their lives turned out.
Well. you in the right place.
All the vets in Harlem are about
to line up to get their hot meals.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
But you want stories?
I got stories for days.
Hey. picture this.
Case of anchovies falls off
-the back of a truck.
-Yeah.
-Now. my man Steven?
-Steven.
He's gathering up
all the anchovies and cans.
He don't even like anchovies.
Now I'm like Steven.
I don't even like anchovies.
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Ben] What is this place?
[Cat] My old life.
It's where I used to perform
before Silvermane found me.
I used to sing for pennies.
Could barely afford
to put food in my stomach. but...
I loved it.
One night. Silvermane tipped me more money
than I'd ever seen in my life.
Next day. he made a proposal.
Headline a new club.
Said I'd have everything
I could ever want.
And he gave it to me.
But you couldn't see the strings.
They were thin at first.
but over the years.
they got thick as rope.
No.
They were never like that.
The only thing
Silvermane gets off on is power.
As long as he can control what I wear.
what I do.
who I'm around...
[soft. gentle music playing]
There was a man once.
Thomas.
Started coming to the club
night after night.
And. eventually...
he wore me down.
He was a dentist. if you can believe it.
Sexy dentist. huh?
Yeah. I heard about those guys.
Oh. no. but he was kind.
And I guess. for me.
kindness was something new.
After about a year.
he surprised me with a ring.
And I surprised him by saying "yes."
After Thomas suddenly stopped coming by.
I thought
maybe I had done something wrong.
[shudders softly]
[sniffles]
Could have just scared him off.
but Silvermane had him killed.
Wanted to make sure
I'd never make the same mistake again.
But you did... with Flint.
I suppose he's kind. too.
when he isn't busting heads.
He is. in fact.
He's got more honor and loyalty
than anyone I know.
so I thought
I would give us both a second chance.
And to do it.
you needed Silvermane out of the picture.
I was so dumb to think
that maybe I could have it all.
-[mysterious music playing]
-[Ben] Tell me about Addison.
Flint mentioned him.
They were war buddies.
He was worried about him.
Said Jimmy lost his job.
That he'd been burning things for money.
Mostly insurance scams.
With the money I was offering.
it wasn't hard to convince him
to kill Silvermane.
But Addison botched the job
and let Silvermane get away.
[Ben] Oh.
And then that other freak...
what's he called? The Spider? [chuckles]...
ruined your second try.
-And here we are.
-Hmm.
[Harvey] So. if-if there ain't chicken.
and there ain't noodles.
then it ain't chicken noodle soup.
is it? It's...
It's just soup. You know what I mean?
Are you gonna get this down?
'Cause I'm-I'm spitting gold here.
I got it all up here.
Harvey. my friend.
thanks for the perspective.
You got it.
Hey. hey. don't be a stranger.
I'm here all day. every day.
rain or shine.
[upbeat. mysterious music playing]
[knocking rhythmically]
-[dog barking]
-[distant siren wailing]
[door opens]
[suspenseful music playing]
[repeats same knock]
-I'm alone. no cops.
-I should rip your head off.
I know. but listen.
The story they printed
wasn't what I gave 'em.
-Now. I came here to make things right.
-You expect me to believe that?
Brother. let me help you.
At least let's go somewhere
more comfortable and talk.
The Alcove. 79th and...
Yeah. I know where The Alcove is.
Everybody knows where The Alcove is.
-[engine starts]
-Evening. Ms. Hardy.
-Good evening.
-How about those monster freaks. huh?
[laughs] What a mess.
You think
The Spider's gonna show back up?
I doubt it. I mean. the guy could barely
hack it when he was the only...
Maybe just the ride. if you don't mind?
Mm-hmm. Sure thing. pal.
I don't think I can be alone tonight.
[soft. gentle music playing]
[clears throat]
Hey. do you mind going back downtown?
Yeah. Sure thing. pal.
-[tires squealing]
-[horn honking]
[door creaks open]
[Pudge] Look who finally showed up.
You found the police chief?
[Perry] Even better.
My boy!
Where have you been?
Been looking all over the city for you.
I had to lay low for a minute.
Yeah. you did.
You're in all the papers
after that number you did on those cops.
Yeah.
Where did all that come from. son?
Don't worry about it.
I'm just glad you're back.
You hear we had a traitor in our midst?
[tense music playing]
You never did like Winston. did you?
Winston?
You thought it was someone else?
Me. too.
That's why
you can never really trust anyone.
Even the staunchest of allies.
Money. power. They can corrupt anybody.
You all right?
[Flint sighs]
It's okay.
You're welcome here. no matter what.
You've always been loyal.
That cuts both ways. Flint.
You watch my back. and I watch yours.
Got to warn you. though.
We've got a fight coming.
-Are you ready for that?
-I'm ready.
Whatever you need. I'm ready.
Good.
Time to show the mayor
what he's up against.
[Robbie] Should we...
talk about the powers?
When you got 'em?
Or just... Where you from?
You a Harlem kid?
[upbeat music playing]
You a card player?
Played a few hands here and there.
Oh. so you're good. huh?
[Janet laughs]
[Robbie groans softly]
[Ben] Ah. [clears throat]
It's not much.
[Cat] You don't have to do that.
[Ben] Do what?
[Cat] Be humble.
Hmm. Do you have anything to drink?
Sure. Um. well. uh.
how about some music? You know. and...?
["Goodnight. Sweetheart"
playing over radio]
Ah...
Uh...
...there's only one glass.
I haven't had many guests.
Ben...
Oh. Well. here's another. but it's used.
I'll just use the used glass.
♪ Sleep will banish sorrow ♪
[Ben sighs]
♪ Tears and parting ♪
♪ They make us forlorn ♪
♪ But with the dawn ♪
Take a seat. make yourself comfortable.
♪ A new day is born...
So. here we are.
Here we are.
Your turn.
Tell me why.
Right. my turn.
My turn.
♪ Still my love will guide you...
There was this girl.
[clears throat] This. uh.
smart. fun girl.
You want to tell me about her?
♪ Good night. sweetheart...
Her name was Ruby. and. um. we were...
...happy.
[slow. haunting music playing]
And I did a job. No big deal.
Deadbeat husband. but.
he ended up doing five years hard time.
and he got through the stint
thinking about one thing...
revenge.
I still don't know how.
but he knew I was close to Ruby.
and he killed her.
I... [clears throat] I was
going to take her to dinner
on that night.
The fact is. we never made it to dinner.
because I was too busy getting drunk...
[laughing]
...in a bar across town
to know she was in danger.
And I got there too late.
[loud splash]
He killed her to make me suffer.
He killed her. but...
I'm the reason she's dead.
[Ben sighs]
If Ruby had never met me.
she'd still be alive.
♪ But with the dawn...
So...
...you saved me
to make up for not saving her.
Nothing can make up for that.
I did it so I wouldn't feel any worse.
So how do you feel?
How do I feel?
Uh...
[clears throat]
Alone.
♪ Dreams enfold you...
Well...
...maybe we can be alone together.
♪ Good night. sweetheart ♪
♪ Good night ♪♪
[inhales]
-So sorry. [sighs]
-[Lonnie] Damn.
Lonnie. who's H?
Helen.
My moms.
You two must be close.
What about the rest of your family?
Just my mom.
After the war...
I wasn't so easy to be around.
Yeah. it's hard going back to normal life.
All three of my brothers served.
Yeah. and both mine served. too.
Jack. the oldest. was a POW.
Yeah?
Where at?
Frankfurt.
Yeah. took him a long time
to get his head right after that.
The Germans got me. too.
[exhales sharply]
[breathing heavily]
Shit.
Sorry. I...
They did something
to you all. didn't they?
[lively. upbeat jazz playing]
[lively crowd chatter]
[woman and Morris laughing]
Silvermane! Hey. good to see you.
You remember my wife.
Honey. why don't you and Phyllis
go powder your noses?
Eat shit. Alfred.
-Come on. Phyllis.
-It's fine.
Missed you at lunch today. Chief.
Must have been saving room for dinner.
How've you been?
You look good. You in good health?
Strong as ever. my friend.
How about you?
Eh. You know.
the blood pressure's a bit high.
The election. you know.
I do know. seeing as I'm the one
who paid to put you in that seat.
[laughing] Well. I'm about
to be voted out of it.
And whose fault is that?
You want the whole list
or just the headlines?
Let's just put it down to destiny.
And what?
You just move on to the next guy
and expect me to go quietly?
Only those who will risk going too far
can possibly find out how far one can go.
Well. in that case.
I'd be happy to show you too far.
-I'll just let you fellas talk.
-[both] Sit down.
Is this about my calling
for an end to Prohibition?
Because I'm simply giving the people
what they want.
-[tense music playing]
-Do you think you're special. Morris?
Every four years.
I decide who sits in that chair.
This time. it's going to be Hudson.
Next time. some other asshole.
Well. apparently. this particular asshole
still has some cards left to play.
Why do you think I'm the one
breaking bread with the chief of police?
Fellas. I'm sure
we can reach some kind of...
You've had a good run.
Had to end sometime.
Are you sure about that?
Oh. how silly of me.
I haven't introduced my associate.
Flint. say hello to the mayor.
[people gasping]
[laughs] It's...
it's okay. everybody.
Don't worry. We're all friends here.
[laughing] It's okay.
[band resumes playing lively jazz music]
I'm not backing down.
Fair enough.
You've got balls. Morris.
I'll give you that much.
May the best man live.
[eerie music playing]
What's next. boss?
He's asked for it. Let's give it to him.
[chuckles]
[♪ The Ink Spots sing
"When the Sun Goes Down" over radio]
When you were at the station.
where were you going?
Anywhere.
Away.
But if you could choose a place?
Santorini.
It's a Greek island
with black sand beaches
and quaint little towns
with nothing to do
but eat and drink and watch the sunset.
-That sounds... really boring.
-[laughs]
Well. with the right person...
With the right person?
♪ Last night. I laid a-sleeping ♪
♪ I was thinking to myself ♪
♪ Well...
I'm sorry.
No. don't be.
I didn't picture this.
I did.
[radio announcer] We interrupt
your program with a citywide alert.
We have a report coming in.
Authorities ask
that you please stay inside.
-Wait.
-As I speak.
one of these super-powered monsters
is terrorizing the Diamond District.
-Please stay inside...
-It's Flint.
Did you hear me? That has to be Flint.
...as the story develops.
Now. back to your...
Yeah. I heard you. I just don't know
what the hell you want me to do about it.
Well. he was upset
the last time we spoke.
Come on.
I'm trying to help him.
Okay. Then. go.
After everything we've shared...
what he meant to me.
what Ruby meant to you...
are you really going to sit there
and do nothing?
[sighs]
You really are a coward.
-[door closes]
-[exciting music playing]
[phone dial spinning]
All I know is that once it starts.
it gets worse fast.
And there ain't no changing back.
But you should talk to Doc Faber.
She can explain what's going on
a whole lot better than I can.
[phone ringing]
Robbie.
-[Robbie] Me? Okay.
-Yeah.
Reilly Investiga...
-[Ben over phone] Yeah. it's me.
I don't have time to explain.
Grab your camera.
head down to the Diamond District
right now.
♪ ♪
-[grunts]
-[alarm ringing]
-[people gasping]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[grunting]
Wait. Wait.
-[exhales]
-Oh. I...
I-I thought you were someone else.
Well. I know exactly who you are.
The Spider.
[woman] The Spider?
Hey. I thought you was dead. huh?
What are you doing he...
Holy shit.
You're here to stop me.
-[The Spider] No. no. Like I said...
-Hot damn!
Me and The Spider.
duking it out on 6th Ave. huh?
-What?
-Put that on a poster.
[The Spider] Oh. Another one.
[groaning]
[people gasping]
[The Spider groans]
Oh! He lives.
[grunts]
[The Spider] Barely.
[tires screech]
[Leyden] And now for the main attraction.
-♪ Da. da. da ♪♪
-[camera shutter clicks]
[The Spider screaming]
-[people screaming]
-[gasping]
Holy shit. Did you guys see that?
Now who the hell is this guy?
Unbelievable.
Oh. hey. Spider. Want some more?
[both grunting]
Come on. man. Fight back.
Do your job. Protect the city.
-Stop Silvermane.
-Save your ass. you mean.
[aide] Sir. one of those freaks
is tearing up the Diamond District.
Jesus. Silvermane's not wasting any time.
The Spider is there.
The Spider is there?
[grunting]
Oof. The guy really
should've stayed retired.
[The Spider] Come on. Can we just talk?
[people gasping]
[Sylvia] I don't know.
Think he's still got it.
Oh. Come on!
♪ ♪
-[people gasping]
-[screaming]
[panting]
[The Spider groans]
[Leyden] Amscray.
[groaning]
[grunts]
[moans]
[electricity crackling]
[people gasping]
Yeah.
Well played. Spider.
But I'm all juiced up.
[The Spider] For now.
-[horns honking]
-The Spider's back! He's back!
Can't you do something?
I'm the goddamn mayor of New York.
[horn honks]
-[driver] Happy now?
-Damn it.
Wait. Sir?
-[shouted chatter]
-[horns honking]
Hello.
[The Spider] Come on. Bring it... [grunts]
That's it. Keep coming.
Oh. you want some more. pal?
I got plenty for you.
[The Spider] Come on.
Missed me.
Ow.
Ah!
[electricity pulsing]
You're losing your spark. buddy.
Hey. you had enough. pal?
[The Spider] You're gonna have
to do better than that.
[groaning]
[The Spider] Can I give you
a hand with that?
[crowd cheering]
-[The Spider sighs]
-[Tim] You see that?
He's still got it.
Yeah. I told you that.
-[cheering]
-[applause]
-All right.
-Let's go.
Okay. grab him.
[The Spider panting]
-Okay...
-Wait. Where did you come from?
[quirky music playing]
Back up. Back up.
No. let him through. Let him through.
[The Spider] What's going on here?
Smile for the camera. [chuckles]
-[The Spider] Robbie? No. No. no.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[laughs]
-[The Spider] We're done here.
-Let go of my hand.
-I have an announcement!
-Me and The Spider have teamed up...
-Not-not a team.
-...to save this city!
-Not a team. No. not a team.
-[cheering]
-[applause]
-[The Spider grunts]
-He's back. everyone.
[The Spider] No. Not back. Not back.
[laughs] Hey. yeah.
Yeah. One more. One more picture.
-One more. one more.
-I'm good. No. thanks.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Go Spider!
[whoops]
[distant horns honking]
[door closes]
-[joints popping]
-[grunting]
[exhales]
[knocking on door]
[sighs]
Go away.
[knocking on door]
[sighs]
Oh.
"Oh" yourself.
Come right on in. Make yourself at home.
-[lighter clicks]
-Everything cool?
Don't you want to know what happened?
Oh. Flint. Is he okay?
It wasn't him.
What happened to your face?
I... walked into a door.
How many times?
[exhales]
Just tell me one thing.
Am I right?
I think so. W-Well. I don't really know
what you're talking about.
[suspenseful music playing]
[wind whistling]
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
Nice to meet you. Mr. Spider.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today